User Requirements for Job Scheduler
  
 The Job Scheduler has an Admin that can manipulate the Users or the Job Leader. 
 User can create a job and manipulate it.
 The Admin can view the status of the Job. 
 The Admin can print the active and the inactive jobs.

System requirements for Job Scheduler
 The system must be able to schedule jobs
 It should have a priority level in every inserted job.
 A report shall be created for each job and shall list the user and what are the jobs that are assign to them.
 Access to all job reports shall be restricted to authorized users listed on a management access control list.
 The system should show the status of every job of every users.


Functional Requirements
Admin
1.0 Login
The admin is prompted to enter username and password
1.1	Forget Password
The Admin may change the password if password is forgotten.
2.0 Create job schedule
2.1 Add Job
The admin is prompted to add a specific job
2.2 Edit Job
The admin may select a different job.
2.3 Delete Job
The admin may delete a specific Job
2.4 Schedule
The admin is prompted to input the start date and end date for a job
The admin is prompted to input a start time for the job and the end time for a job
3.0 Status
The admin can view the status of the job, if it is completed or not.
4.0 Print Report
The admin can view the report of the job.


User
1.0 Login
The User is prompted to enter username and password
1.2	Forget Password
The User may change the password if password is forgotten.
2.0 Create job schedule
2.1 Add Job
The User is prompted to add a specific job
2.2 Edit Job
The User may select a different job.
2.3 Schedule
The User is prompted to input the start date and end date for a job
The User is prompted to input a start time for the job and the end time for a job
3.0 Status
The User can view the status of the job, if it is completed or not.
4.0 Print Report
The User can view the report of the job.

NON-FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS

USABILITY
It is easy to use because the user can see the schedule of their work and the task that is done in specific date.

SECURITY
It has a log-in function to prevent others from seeing others schedule.

AVAILABILITY 
The user can only use the job scheduling system in computer.

RELIABILITY
No one other than the user can open the system so the only one who can change the data or schedules in the system is the user.

RESPONSE TIME
When you enter a data for schedule it only takes a few seconds to save it.
